[Music]
powers bow
the joke on the wall
to save the day
laughter
[Music]
try
- game
[Music]
[Applause]
what were you looking for in freestyle
on the freestyle it is absolutely their
choice the music what they do they can
do lifts anything they want carte
blanche do whatever you want and I'll
tell you what was so refreshing I'm fed
up with people coming out in the final
of Strictly freestyle and doing some
sort of disco he danced that was a
cha-cha-cha but with great modern music
fabulous lifts and I'll tell you what
you now it was absolutely
[Applause]
[Music]
this is the dance everybody is waiting
for and you delivered well above
anybody's expectations should move
Navabi you do is grab I will give you an
anything good app right Craig Reno does
tend to get completely fearless you
obviously trust each other implicitly to
do those lifts and powerful loved it all
evenly with dynamite
[Applause]